# Registration system for university professional license courses

This repository contains the source code of a web application for registering for university professional license courses, developed with the following technologies: PHP, Laravel, CSS, HTML, JavaScript and MySQL. The site includes three main actors: the administrator, the teacher (field manager) and the student.

## Main features

### For students

- Students can create an account and log in to the site.
- Once logged in, students can fill out their profile by providing information such as name, address, phone number, etc.
- Students can consult the list of different training courses available and submit their application for those that interest them.
- Students can track their application status and receive notifications regarding updates.

### For teachers

- Teachers can log in using their credentials.
- Teachers have access to a list of students registered in their sector.
- Teachers can filter students using specific criteria.
- Teachers can generate an Excel file containing filtered student information and send it to the admin.

### For the administrator

- The administrator has a special account with extended privileges.
- The administrator can manage the different courses and training available.
- Admin can add new teachers to the system.
- The administrator can receive the Excel file generated by the teachers and manage the room assignment for the competitions.

## Technologies used

- Laravel: PHP framework for back-end development
- HTML, CSS, JavaScript: Front-end development for the user interface
- Bootstrap: CSS framework for a responsive and aesthetic design
- MySQL: Relational database for storing information on restaurants and reservations

## Facility

1. Clone the GitHub repository:
```git clone https://github.com/soufianeljadi/restaurant-project ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```cd precandidature-pfe```

3. Install PHP dependencies via Composer:
```composer install```

4. Copy the environment file:
```cp .env.example .env```

5. Generate the application key:
```php artisan key:generate```

6. Configure your database in the `.env` file.

7. Run migrations and seeders:
```php artisan migrate --seed```

8. Start the development server:
```php artisan server```

9. Access the website in your browser at `http://localhost:8000`.

## Contribution

Contributions are welcome! If you would like to contribute to this project, please follow the following steps:

1. Repository Fork
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature/add-functionality`)
3. Make your changes
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add a feature'`)
5. Push to branch (`git push origin feature/add-feature`)
6. Open a Pull Request

## Authors

- EL JADI Soufiane eljadi.souf@gmail.com
- NABIL Anass Anassnabil067@gmail.com

## Licence

This project is licensed under [MIT](LICENSE).
